hey guys so I guess you can kind of see
what this video is about from the title
and I'm actually really nervous to film
this video so yeah if I sound nervous at
all I'm sorry but this is very like and
I don't know it's like a like a scary
thing in a way like I've you know as you
can see what this video is about I've
been girlie simmer one for over a year
now and you know I cut that username as
I started let's plays and all that but
yeah um as you can see from the picture
on the screen um I am going to be
changing my name to a fantasy simmer and
I don't I've been feeling like this for
a while now I've been feeling like I
want to change my name and I'm just I
mean I still like it but I'm not like
feeling it anymore like I loved that
name for so long but I don't know for
the past few months I've been thinking
about this I'm like I don't know do I
really want to be girly simmer one like
I wanted something more you know more
that sounded me and to me when I say
fantasy simmer that just sounds more me
and it's more original because okay i
don't know i'm not sure if you guys know
but there is a lot of girly simmers out
there if you search up on youtube girly
simmer and go to channels there is a lot
of different ones and it's just a very
common name a lot of people on origin
twitter and everything our name girlie
simmer and I kind of just felt like I
wanted something that was just more me
as a channel that you know like a bunch
of other people didn't have the same
name as me I know that like you guys
have known me by girly simmer one for so
long out and I know you guys have grown
to love that name but I really hope you
guys can understand i hope you guys
aren't mad at me and I really hope you
guys like fantasy simmer um yeah when
you're watching this video it should be
changed I don't know if it will show for
you guys yet because sometimes YouTube
takes a while to update it but I'll be
changing all my user names I don't want
you guys to be confused so I thought
they need to make this video yeah so you
guys know who I am after I changed my
name and I'll be changing my twitter
name along with just everything I can
change everything that it allows
me to change my username I will be
changing it so I really hope you guys
understand i hope you guys like my
decision on the name and yeah it's gonna
be kind of weird when I fill my first
video after changing my name and saying
hey guys it's fantasy simmer that's
gonna be really different but yeah I
just I was brainstorming name ideas for
so long I literally when I would go to
sleep I would just think about it maybe
that's kind of weird but I would just
keep thinking about it and it would make
me no feel but to sleep and finally a
fantasy simmer came to my head and I was
like oh my gosh I really like how that
sounds and i would just kept saying it
in my head and I was like yes that is
definitely me and yeah I feel like it
suits me and yeah I just like it n plus
the of course the sims is like a fantasy
game so I feel like it just flows really
well so yeah I hope you guys are ok with
this please don't be mad at me I hope
you guys understand and like this name
and I hope you guys grow to love this
one as well so yeah I'm going to go now
and I love you guys so much so I will
see you guys in my next video and I will
see you guys as fantasy simmer and bye
guys